Hello from server 2's file :)
The Road Less Traveled is the twenty-first studio album by American country music artist George Strait released by MCA Nashville on November 6, 2001. Certified platinum for sales of one million copies, the album produced the hits "Run", "She'll Leave You with a Smile" and "Living and Living Well", the latter two of which were number 1 hits on the Billboard country charts. "Stars on the Water" and "The Real Thing" also charted at numbers 50 and 60 from unsolicited airplay.
Content

Four of this album's songs are covers: "Stars on the Water" was originally cut by Rodney Crowell on his 1981 album Rodney Crowell; "The Real Thing" by Chip Taylor (as "(I Want) The Real Thing") on his 1973 album Chip Taylor's Last Chance; "Good Time Charley's" by Del Reeves on his 1969 album Down at Good Time Charlie's (as "Good Time Charlie's"); and "My Life's Been Grand" by Merle Haggard on his 1986 album Out Among the Stars. Strait's rendition of "Stars on the Water" features heavy application of Auto-Tune to Strait's vocal track. According to Strait, this was the decision of longtime producer Tony Brown; Strait was initially critical of the technique, but stated that he liked the sound once Brown reduced the amount used.[2]

The song "She'll Leave You with a Smile" is not to be confused with another song with the same name which Strait previously recorded on his 1997 album, Carrying Your Love with Me. 
Content

Four of this album's songs are covers: "Stars on the Water" was originally cut by Rodney Crowell on his 1981 album Rodney Crowell; "The Real Thing" by Chip Taylor (as "(I Want) The Real Thing") on his 1973 album Chip Taylor's Last Chance; "Good Time Charley's" by Del Reeves on his 1969 album Down at Good Time Charlie's (as "Good Time Charlie's"); and "My Life's Been Grand" by Merle Haggard on his 1986 album Out Among the Stars. Strait's rendition of "Stars on the Water" features heavy application of Auto-Tune to Strait's vocal track. According to Strait, this was the decision of longtime producer Tony Brown; Strait was initially critical of the technique, but stated that he liked the sound once Brown reduced the amount used.[2]

The song "She'll Leave You with a Smile" is not to be confused with another song with the same name which Strait previously recorded on his 1997 album, Carrying Your Love with Me. 
aking the road less traveled is not always the best choice. Continuing along a road more often traveled is advantageous if anticipating what lies ahead is important. Taking another road just to circumvent the road more often traveled, the road that policy is built on, is not always smooth and is more likely to result in the need to navigate more unexpected occurrences. Those adept at advanced planning can be more effective when taking roads more often traveled. It is the easier and more attractive road for people who enjoy predictability, social approval and proven ways.

Making the choice of which road to take can sometimes be hard, and is very dependent on the situation, and the traveller's aims. One must assess the possible advantages, disadvantages, and risks of taking either road, just as any real-life explorer or traveler would.

Certain people, at certain times, do search for the easiest paths through life. However, while less stressful, the easier paths are often the less eventful. The school of thought that advocates the "road less traveled" recognises that overcoming adversity generally advances our awareness and understanding of the world. The mindset of an explorer or adventurer is to embrace the unknown, regardless of how difficult the journey may turn out to be. The road less traveled potentially brings us more challenges to overcome and the unforeseen. As a result, greater insight, new knowledge or maturity can emerge. 
Two roads diverged in a yellow wood,

And sorry I could not travel both
And be one traveler, long I stood
And looked down one as far as I could
To where it bent in the undergrowth;

Then took the other, as just as fair,
And having perhaps the better claim,
Because it was grassy and wanted wear;
Though as for that the passing there
Had worn them really about the same,

And both that morning equally lay
In leaves no step had trodden black.
Oh, I kept the first for another day!
Yet knowing how way leads on to way,
I doubted if I should ever come back.

I shall be telling this with a sigh
Somewhere ages and ages hence:
Two roads diverged in a wood, and I—
I took the one less traveled by,
And that has made all the difference. 
The colloquial meaning of "Taking the road less traveled" could be argued to be an ironic misinterpretation of the poem which in the second and third stanzas include descriptions of the two roads being similarly attractive: "just as fair ... really about the same... both that morning equally lay, In leaves no step had trodden...". In this sense, the poem reflects on how we reconcile our decisions over time, often giving more weight to the moment of decision-making --with the wisdom of hindsight-- than was true at the original time.

And yet, the phrase "perhaps the better claim, Because it was grassy and wanted wear" speaks to a want or desire drawn out from a lack of "wear". In some subtle sense, the slightness of the choice makes beauty's glance even more tantalising, and the decision more sophisticated or visceral. The greener route holds some flicker of possibility; a glimmer made to motivate modest desire. It is not a path of great adventure or virgin conquest, but nonetheless provokes a draw by concealed possibility suited for tame excitement over familiarity. 